README.md, before:


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# MD Seafoods

This website fetches seafoods meals gotten from an API [MealsDb](https://themealdb.com/browse.php?b=f) and display on the homepage.
One can like a food by clicking on the heart icon and comment on a specific food by clicking on the comment button to have access to the comment form and place your comment in an instant.

### ScreenShoot - Mobile screens

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50941074/147270738-aa0e9cb1-8fb3-4e16-9df1-614d636f1e05.png)

### ScreenShoot - Desktop screens

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50941074/147270429-b2826c00-19b3-4fbb-bde1-a5d234117dd6.png)

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS 
- JavaScript ES6
- Tailwind CSS 
- Webpack-5
- Jest

## Live Demo

[Live Demo](https://seafoods-app.netlify.app/)

## Video Documentation
[Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yJMniajNASvKvGaUk6lF7yoetIP4ZV-C/view?usp=sharing)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- Node and NPM
- Web browser (Google chrome)
- Code Editor (VSCode)

### Development (Running locally)

- git clone the project

```bash 
git clone git@github.com:AmaduKamara/seafoods-app
```

- Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

To run StyleLint by itself, you may run the lint task:

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

Or to automatically fix issues found (where possible):

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```

You can also check against Webhint:

```bash
npx hint --telemetry=off .
```
## Authors

👤 **Amadu Kamara**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/AmaduKamara)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DevAmkam)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amadu-kamara-3b60a25b)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/amadus.kamara.7)

👤 **Debas Gebreslasie**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/Debas-31)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DEBSH76956492)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/debas-gebrengus)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/AmaduKamara/seafoods-app/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse 
- Meals DB
- Postman
- Netlify
- etc

## 📝 License

[MIT licensed](https://github.com/AmaduKamara/seafoods-app/blob/dev/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add README file content to run the server and to test the project

README.md, after:


![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# MD Seafoods

This website fetches seafoods meals gotten from an API [MealsDb](https://themealdb.com/browse.php?b=f) and display on the homepage.
One can like a food by clicking on the heart icon and comment on a specific food by clicking on the comment button to have access to the comment form and place your comment in an instant.

### ScreenShoot - Mobile screens

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50941074/147270738-aa0e9cb1-8fb3-4e16-9df1-614d636f1e05.png)

### ScreenShoot - Desktop screens

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50941074/147270429-b2826c00-19b3-4fbb-bde1-a5d234117dd6.png)

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS 
- JavaScript ES6
- Tailwind CSS 
- Webpack-5
- Jest

## Live Demo

[Live Demo](https://seafoods-app.netlify.app/)

## Video Documentation
[Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yJMniajNASvKvGaUk6lF7yoetIP4ZV-C/view?usp=sharing)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- Node and NPM
- Web browser (Google chrome)
- Code Editor (VSCode)

### Development (Running locally)

- git clone the project

```bash 
git clone git@github.com:AmaduKamara/seafoods-app

cd seafoods-app
```

- Install Dependencies

```bash
npm i or npm install
```
- To run the server
```bash
npm start
```
- To test the project
```bash
npm test
```

- To run StyleLint by itself, you may run the lint task:

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

- Automatically fix issues found (where possible):

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```

- Check against Webhint:

```bash
npx hint --telemetry=off .
```
## Authors

👤 **Amadu Kamara**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/AmaduKamara)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DevAmkam)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amadu-kamara-3b60a25b)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/amadus.kamara.7)

👤 **Debas Gebreslasie**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/Debas-31)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DEBSH76956492)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/debas-gebrengus)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/AmaduKamara/seafoods-app/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse 
- Meals DB
- Postman
- Netlify
- etc

## 📝 License

[MIT licensed](https://github.com/AmaduKamara/seafoods-app/blob/dev/LICENSE).
